Status/2025Q3/drm-drivers.adoc: Add report about DRM drivers (#545)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: website/content/en/status/report-2025-07-2025-09/drm-drivers.adoc

=== DRM drivers

Links: +
link:https://github.com/freebsd/drm-kmod/pull/371[Update to Linux 6.10 DRM drivers] URL: link:https://github.com/freebsd/drm-kmod/pull/371[]

Contact: Jean-Sébastien Pédron <dumbbell@FreeBSD.org>

DRM drivers are **kernel drivers for integrated and discrete GPUs**.
They are maintained in the Linux kernel and we port them to FreeBSD.
As of this report, we take the AMD and Intel DRM drivers only (NVIDIA FreeBSD drivers are proprietary and provided by NVIDIA themselves).

We port them one Linux version at a time.
This allows us to ship updates more often and it eases porting and debugging because we have a smaller delta compared to a bigger jump skipping several versions.

This quarter, the work was slower with the holidays.
**DRM drivers from Linux 6.10 were ported**.
However, there are still issues that need to be worked on:

> * There is a regression in the integration of the `amdgpu` driver with vt(4), causing the console to go blank once the driver is loaded. A graphical session still works though.

Reviewer: Please put one sentence per line in list item too

```suggestion
* There is a regression in the integration of the `amdgpu` driver with man:vt[4], causing the console to go blank once the driver is loaded.
  A graphical session still works though.
```

* There are significant changes to the `radix-tree` suppport in `linuxkpi` that needs more testing.
* The `siphash` code committed to `linuxkpi` is not working yet.

The pull request on GitHub and the associated freebsd-src branch may not have the latest versions, until the compilation and load failures are fixed.

These updates target the FreeBSD 16-CURRENT development branch for now, but `linuxkpi` changes should be backported to FreeBSD 15-STABLE.

> The following pull request didn't receive enough reviews and tests for now.
> That's why they are still in flight.

Reviewer: Please do not use contractions

```suggestion
The following pull request did not receive enough reviews and tests for now.
That is why they are still in flight.
```
